The truth about learning Energy-saving mode 1 Worries about energy
consumption 2 Every process in the brain requires energy 3
The brain naturally switches to energy-saving mode 4 Mental work
consumes more energy 5 Two inherent key modes of learning
1 Learning on demand just enough 2 Recycle and reuse
6 It all comes down to the willingness to learn
only willing to learn what is necessary 7 Time always
passes by on its own 8 The desire for quick
results is wishful thinking 9 To counteract the natural learning
obstacles caused by the brain's learning on demand mechanism we
have two means 1 Actively or passively employing coercion 2
Actively or passively raising the standards of learning 10 The
brain is an inexhaustible resource 11 Regardless of what we
learn it's like building more neural connections 12 The earlier
the establishment of neural connections the easier it is 13
Established neural connections can be utilized through recycling and reusing
14 Recycling and reusing rewards overlearning and strong connections are
formed through overlearning 15 The ultimate advice for learning 1
Learn more the more the better 2 Practice more the
more the better 16 The more the better